ALFREDO E CUEVAS
Orlando, FL 32828 ? 402-333-333 ? alfredoecuevas@mail.com ?
EDUCATION
University of Central Florida                                                                                             Orlando, FL
Bachelor of Science in Computer Sciences                                                                              May 2027
*	Award of Excellence (2025)
      Recognized for outstanding academic achievement as a first-generation student.
Valencia College                                                                                                                  Orlando, FL
Associate in Arts                                                                                                                      April 2024
SKILLS
Language: Fluent in English and Spanish
Computer: Experience with C, Java, Python, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and ROS. Proficiency in 
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint).                                                                                                                       
PROJECTS
Project S.T.O.R.M                                                              Robotics Club of Central Florida - Current
*	Collaborate with a multidisciplinary team to design and program systems for the University 
Rover Challenge.
*	Write code in ROS and contribute technical knowledge to support task solutions
*	Support team collaboration with technical insights
Student Database System - Cknight Academy                                                   Intro to C, Fall 2024
*	Developed an I/O-based file database to store and search student records.
*	Applied structured file handling and data storage techniques in C.
*	Strengthened skills in file I/O, data structures, and algorithm implementation.
Personal Website                                                                                                                     Fall 2024    
*	Built a personal website to show profile, education, projects, and community involvement.
*	Design a layout with custom styling using CSS and JavaScript
*	Integrated a footer section with contact information to facilitate professional outreach.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Texas Roadhouse, Inc.                                                                                                        Orlando, FL
Server, trainer                                                                                                        January 2023-Present
*	Efficiently multitask while maintaining attention to detail in a fast-paced environment.
*	Cooperate with a diverse team to improve workflow efficiency during peak hours.
*	Train new employees in order accuracy, table service, and upselling techniques.
Samaritan's Purse                                                                                                                    Seasonal
Disaster Relief Volunteer                                                                                                    2019-Present          
*	Assist homeowners affected by natural disasters (hurricanes, tornadoes, storms, etc.) 
*	Help with content recovery, debris cleanup, roof tarping, and tree work.
Alfredo E Cuevas
Orlando FL, 3333 | 402-888-8888 | alfredoecuevas@email.com
June 6, 2025
Katy Bashar
Resilience, INC
123 Street
Orlando, FL 2222

Dear Mrs. Bashar,
I would like to express my interest in the Software Development intern position at 
Resilience, INC. I found this open position through Handshake. And I am excited to be part 
of such an amazing organization that helps improve the mental health of students. 
As a Computer Science student at the University of Central Florida, I have developed an 
understanding of programming in multiple languages, including Java, C, and Python. I also 
built projects in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, which gave me the experience of supporting 
your software team. Additionally, as an active member of the RCCF, I have learned to 
collaborate with individuals from diverse backgrounds and academic disciplines, which is 
beneficial for any team to succeed, including yours. 
Given your company's mission to support students' mental health. I am passionate about 
helping others. During my time as a volunteer with Samaritan's Purse, I noticed how my 
hands and hard work helped other people to recover from such devastating events.
Whit that being said, I would like to express my deepest interest in this open position, 
where not only I will be applying what I have learned in the classroom, but also contributing 
with my knowledge and skills to continue helping students with their mental health. I have 
attached my resume for review, and I would greatly appreciate the opportunity for an 
interview to further discuss how my background aligns with the goals of your organization. 
Thank you for your time. This is my phone number 402-333-3333, and email 
alfredoecuevas@email.com, I look forward to hearing from you. 

Sincerely,

Alfredo Cuevas
